fix(azure): improve CD docs (#164)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/azure/ContinuousDeployment.rst

Continuous deployment
#####################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> You can deploy all changes that you make to a fork of the nRF Asset Tracker for Azure automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can automatically deploy all changes that you make to a fork of the nRF Asset Tracker for Azure.
```

.. note::

   It is optional to keep the deployment in your Azure account automatically synchronized with your fork's source code repository.

Fork the nRF Asset Tracker repositories
***************************************

To enable continuous deployment, complete the following steps:

> 1. Fork `the nRF Asset Tracker for Azure repository <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-azure-js>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Fork the `nRF Asset Tracker for Azure repository <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-azure-js>`_.
```

> #. Fork `the Cat Tracker web application repository <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-app-js>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Fork the `Cat Tracker web application repository <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-app-js>`_.
```

> #. Update the `deploy.webApp.repository <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-azure-js/blob/fd3777cde331286faf10e481bdf1a30327882008/package.json#L111>`_ in the :file:`package.json` file of your nRF Asset Tracker for Azure fork. It should point to the repository URL of your fork of the Cat Tracker web application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Update the `deploy.webApp.repository <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-azure-js/blob/fd3777cde331286faf10e481bdf1a30327882008/package.json#L111>`_ in the :file:`package.json` file of your nRF Asset Tracker for Azure fork. It must point to the repository URL of your fork of the Cat Tracker web application.
```

         --sdk-auth \
         > cd-credentials.json

Provide the credentials to GitHub Actions
*****************************************

1. Add the following `secrets <https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/actions#secrets>`_ to an `environment <https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/environments#creating-an-environment>`_ called ``production`` in your fork of the nRF Asset Tracker for Azure:

   * ``AZURE_CREDENTIALS`` - Store the contents of the JSON file created in the above step.
  
#. Add the following following values from your :file:`.envrc` file as secrets as well:

   * ``RESOURCE_GROUP``
   * ``LOCATION``
   * ``APP_NAME``
   * ``B2C_TENANT``
   * ``APP_REG_CLIENT_ID``

> #. If you have enabled the :ref:`azure-unwired-labs-api` add your API key as a secret as well:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. If you have enabled the :ref:`azure-unwired-labs-api`, add your API key as a secret as well:
```

   * ``UNWIRED_LABS_API_KEY``

Trigger a deployment
********************

Commit a change to your fork to trigger a deployment.

Check the status of the continuous deployment
*********************************************

> To check the status of the continuous deployment after you have made the changes navigate to the :guilabel:`Actions` tab of your fork.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check the status of the continuous deployment after making the changes, navigate to the :guilabel:`Actions` tab of your fork.
```

> You should see a workflow run of the Continuous Deployment action:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can see a workflow run of the Continuous Deployment action:
```
